# ClubSpot
Haley Hooper
Case Study
ClubSpot

A space dedicated to connecting and informing students about the events, clubs, and organizations on their campus 


The Problem

Social media, it is the main stream of communication for the generation of today: dating, events, jobs, and everything else. There is no standard social media app for clubs, organizations, or campus involvement for college students. 

The problem that “ClubSpot” directly solves is the issue of lost information about the hundreds of clubs, both locally or nationally, on a college campus. Each university has a different way of going about club/organization engagement whether it be social media, a physical club fair, etc. 

“ClubSpot” is a hub for all clubs/events/teams, creating a seamless experience for signing up for a club, keeping up with all of them, and attending events whether or not the individual is directly involved. This app is made to foster connection—through the organizations at one’s university. 


Users & Audience 

The user/audience for this app is anyone enrolled in a university or has a college education email. 


Team & Role

This app is not yet created. However, I hope to build this app with a core team of a few designers and software developers. I would coordinate facets of design including: user task flow, visual aesthetics, product management, and prototyping. 

I would conduct user research through organizing an experimentation focus group of my friends, who are all very active experienced online shoppers. 

Design Process

The design process thus far has been just myself flowing through the vision I have for the app. I have had a few target users look at the design but have not yet received enough constructive criticism to incorporate into the prototype. 

Below is a map of the current user flow. A test that would be helpful to find the most ideal user flow would be through experimentation and surveying users, to better understand their individual ideal flows.


User Interface

Condensing events, applying, list of clubs, messaging, etc, into one epicenter for extracurriculars has many positive effects including: more engagement, equal marketing and opportunity for students to get involved. 
